
1. Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2


HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol & it is used in client-server communication. 
By using HTTP user sends the request to the server & the server sends the response to the user. 
There are several stages of development of HTTP but we will focus mainly on HTTP/1.1 which was created in 1997 & the new one is HTTP/2 which was created in 2015.

HTTP/1.1

It works on the textual format.
There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.	
It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages. 
It compresses data by itself.

HTTP/2
It works on the binary protocol.
It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages.
It uses HPACK for data compression.


HTTP/1.1: For better understanding, let’s assume the situation when you make a request to the server for the geeksforgeeks.
html page & server responds to you as a resource geeksforgeeks.html page. 
Before sending the request and the response there is a TCP connection established between client & server. 
Again you make a request to the server for image img.jpg & the server gives a response as an image img.jpg.
The connection was not lost here after the first request because we add a keep-alive header which is the part of the request so there is an open connection between the server & client.
There is a persistent connection which means several requests & responses are merged in a single connection. 
These are the drawbacks that lead to the creation of HTTP/2: 
The first problem is HTTP/1.1 transfer all the requests & responses in the plain text message form. 
The second one is head of line blocking in which TCP connection is blocked all other requests until the response does not receive. 
All the information related to the header file is repeated in every request.

HTTP/2: HTTP/2 was developed over the SPDY protocol. 
HTTP/2 works on the binary framing layer instead of textual that converts all the messages in binary format. 
It works on fully multiplexed that is one TCP connection is used for multiple requests. 
HTTP/2 uses HPACK which is used to split data from header. it compresses the header. 
The server sends all the other files like CSS & JS without the request of the client using the PUSH frame.



2. Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Objects, in JavaScript, is it’s most important data-type and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript. 
These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol) in the sense that while these primitive data-types all store a single value each (depending on their types).
Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive data-types as well as reference data-types.
An object, is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. 
That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. 
The variables don’t actually store the value.
A JavaScript object has properties associated with it. A property of an object can be explained as a variable that is attached to the object.
Object properties are basically the same as ordinary JavaScript variables, except for the attachment to objects.
The properties of an object define the characteristics of the object. You access the properties of an object with a simple dot-notation:

Like all JavaScript variables, both the object name (which could be a normal variable) and property name are case sensitive.
You can define a property by assigning it a value. For example, let’s create an object named myCar and give it properties named make, model, and year.

Unassigned properties of an object are undefined (and not null).
Properties of JavaScript objects can also be accessed or set using a bracket notation.
Objects are sometimes called associative arrays, since each property is associated with a string value that can be used to access it.
An object property name can be any valid JavaScript string, or anything that can be converted to a string, including the empty string.
However, any property name that is not a valid JavaScript identifier (for example, a property name that has a space or a hyphen, or that starts with a number) can only be accessed using the square bracket notation.
This notation is also very useful when property names are to be dynamically determined (when the property name is not determined until runtime).
You can also access properties by using a string value that is stored in a variable:

